Gwenevere Abriel: Gabriel, Laura.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Gabriel L.: Good morning.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, we got you in the car and
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm. It's been a month about. So I want to review your goals, a little bit with you. But is there anything kind of going on like right now in your life, but
Gabriel L.: Um, I have the in laws and so it's kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Creating
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it's annoying.
Annoying
Gabriel L.: I'm so used to just being just my immediate family, you know,
Gabriel L.: Anything around
Gwenevere Abriel: I was, I was just updating notes and I saw a little notation about your aunt Teresa. Is she okay
Gabriel L.: Oh yeah, she she recovered.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, that's great.
Um,
Gabriel L.: Luckily, nobody else had gotten a virus.
Gabriel L.: That her household
Gabriel L.: So they didn't even know
Gabriel L.: Yeah, even though we were all congregating at the funeral. We didn't nobody else got it so it worked out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe she she may have gotten its kind of somewhere else, maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I mean, maybe not. Yeah, that's a real possibility. I'm in, plus it has to, it has to have enough of of a viral load. You know what I mean it's not
Gwenevere Abriel: Brush across something we're going to get it. It's got to sort of meet that threshold and I don't know what it is, but I mean I'm sure we bumped into it and we may just not have had enough for it to really take a hold
Gwenevere Abriel: I figure. Everybody's going to get it eventually
Gabriel L.: Yeah, I agree. Like, man, I hear one thing and then another and then
Gwenevere Abriel: I know I don't see how we don't all get it eventually. I just want all hospitals to have everything before I get it.
Gabriel L.: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I want there to be just a ton of respirators available.
Gabriel L.: Then people are saying that the respirators that killing people and
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait a minute.
Yeah.
I heard
Gabriel L.: Somewhere that
Gwenevere Abriel: Seriously, that's just, that's why.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm going to just assume that intro, because that's just terrifying.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, all right. So you got some irritation, how long your in laws going to be staying with you.
Until
Gwenevere Abriel: Today, oh next Thursday.
Gabriel L.: Or I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Tuesday. Tuesday. Tuesday. Okay. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because today's Thursday, you still have another week to go
Gabriel L.: I know
Gwenevere Abriel: We haven't really had a chance to continue that that a couple of things. One, I want to review the goals with us we'll run through that first. Just a real quick statement, how you assess how you're doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Also want to revisit we had started to develop this anchor room. I want to come all the way through that, if we can, if not that's okay and then check and see how you and Ashley are doing. And then, of course, if we have time.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, going back to nursing school is on your mind a lot. Sure, wondering if it's starting to come to the forefront there.
Gabriel L.: Yeah, go ahead. A reminder. I'm saying that I started nursing school around this time last year.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, nice to Facebook or something had to get a reminder
Gabriel L.: My well I got a picture my cell phone or my, like, like, oh, remember this memory like Apple photos of that.
Gabriel L.: Yeah, there was a
Gabriel L.: picture of me in Dallas. And that was Texas.
Gabriel L.: And that was the last
Gabriel L.: That was the last account I worked with a company I worked for
Gabriel L.: Before going into nursing school
Gwenevere Abriel: To make you think about
Gabriel L.: The mistakes I've made and how to overcome them, and
Gabriel L.: A number of things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright doesn't sound like it made you think I want to go back to school.
Gabriel L.: Oh yeah, well that too. But I don't know how they're handling it because all summer classes are done online. And then last time and six classes.
Gabriel L.: None of the student got credit for
Gabriel L.: Because there was no issue with a short semester so
Gabriel L.: It was a short semester so
Gabriel L.: What guys to get the email and they got them the students got their money refunded and
Gabriel L.: It was just cancelled.
Yeah.
Gabriel L.: Because it's a lot of work.
Gabriel L.: To be at the hospital and
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I know, I know people that are in
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know what level you are at. But, um, I know people that are in a nursing program in this program. So they're talking to me and they're doing it all online.
Gabriel L.: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just, just happens to be a coincidence. I happen to know that. But obviously, any more details than that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So okay, so. But what I'm hearing is, I didn't hear you say you know what, I'm it may be think I'm going to make a call and get my information. So it sounds like it's still way in the background. It's still not quite up here doesn't sound like you're like, I'm gonna go back
Gabriel L.: Yeah yeah
Gabriel L.: I do
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so let's just touch base on some other things I want to learn. This is your role, I want to eliminate my addiction to drugs and alcohol. So I didn't know I saw
Gwenevere Abriel: You tell me if this is true, I saw in the medication area that as of about 515 may 15 you are prescribed 11 milligrams, are you taking 11 milligrams of Suboxone these days.
Gabriel L.: Yeah, yeah, I just took it a little while ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh cool, and any drinking, which means any alcohol sips of beers count.
Gabriel L.: I've been having like
Gabriel L.: I haven't drinking like once a week.
Gabriel L.: Doing it
Gabriel L.: Like a few beers two or three
Gwenevere Abriel: So most people they minimize when they say a few when they say three, it's more like a six pack. Are you drinking a whole six pack when you're drinking
Whoa.
Gabriel L.: Whoa, whoa. Six Pack, it's like three but they're pints. They like the big
Gabriel L.: Like they come in a pack of four. So it's a
Gabriel L.: It's a 16 ounce instead of a 12 ounce can
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gabriel L.: I guess the local it's a local brewery that
Produces a
Gabriel L.: Good beer and I'll have a little Tito's vodka shot sometimes. Okay.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You're, you're in a you're in a in a relapse right now.
Gabriel L.: And
Gabriel L.: I used to like last weekend.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay, would you end up doing.
Gabriel L.: I went for some reason, when I tried something I did something I'm excited about the last time I left before this, but I did some
Gabriel L.: Some prescription pills.
Gabriel L.: And
Gabriel L.: I went fishing with my family and I bought a few
Gabriel L.: I bought five, to be exact. I know that you like exact numbers about
Gabriel L.: Five 520 milligrams 20 milligrams to little, little gray ones because that's all that was available.
Gabriel L.: Which ends up being 2466 800 milligrams
Gabriel L.: And the wall that day.
Gwenevere Abriel: That day
Gabriel L.: Yeah yeah
Gabriel L.: Definitely
Gwenevere Abriel: That was let me see. Was that on 16th like this last Saturday.
Gabriel L.: Last Saturday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what I heard you say is when I get excited about something and then you kind of didn't finish that thought trailed off to I went fishing with my family.
Gabriel L.: Well, because the last, the last time I use wasn't Chris during Christmas, Christmas tree Christmas was there was the last time I use which last Christmas almost a year.
Gabriel L.: Yeah. This past this past Christmas.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what you're saying is I
Gwenevere Abriel: I start to think about. I'm going to have fun. And then what's the next thought after that.
Gabriel L.: I don't know, but not
Gabriel L.: The what happened that actually has an uncle that sells them. And every time it gets time he calls me or lets me know that he has them.
Gabriel L.: And
Gabriel L.: Even though I tell them no. You still calls me
Gabriel L.: And this time, he called it was like, I'm going fishing, there might as well just grab some up and it's on the way that I'm trying passes out when we, when we got them because it was all the way to the fishing area.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how did you feel after you turn to the five
Gabriel L.: Well, I thought great at first, but, you know, the next day I had a headache.
Gabriel L.: I took my medication as prescribed. But I still went to look for more
Gabriel L.: But there wasn't any more.
Gabriel L.: Do gone
Gwenevere Abriel: He went to lunch.
Gabriel L.: With her uncle's house, get some more.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you went to
Gwenevere Abriel: Us and
Gabriel L.: That's how it happened like edge, it gets you the world for me, it gets me right away and then I start using again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: If your uncle hadn't run out.
Gabriel L.: Probably got some
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm just want to understand one more piece of this, I'm on Saturday morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Had you taken the strip
Gabriel L.: I can't remember if I want to say yes.
Gabriel L.: But I don't remember if it was before. After
Gabriel L.: Because I remember telling myself or if I give more and I take my bed, then it's not going to do anything.
Gabriel L.: Before and advisors, the box and on the street. Everyone that uses them know that
Gabriel L.: You can't do a pill because it won't do anything because
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. But you told me that you felt great. So I'm wondering if
Gabriel L.: That's not the case when I
Gabriel L.: When I did it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you said, I felt great. At first, then had a headache.
Gabriel L.: Oh, yeah. Yeah, I saw great apres but then I felt remorse guild.
Gabriel L.: You know months of sobriety that
Gabriel L.: My family was
Gwenevere Abriel: You told Ashley.
Gabriel L.: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Um, so, just notice how it took me bringing it up. Was there a chance you were going to sort of skip that today and not share if I hadn't been kind of direct about it.
Gabriel L.: No, I felt like someone
Gabriel L.: I wanted to tell someone
Gabriel L.: I felt like I needed to get it off my chest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, wonder, would it have what would have happened if I hadn't asked you directly. I wonder if time would it past
Gwenevere Abriel: Curious, we'll never know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right.
Gabriel L.: Then my brother's here like
Gabriel L.: Like he's asking me, and I'm like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, this is your first treatment. And so these things that sometimes I take for granted. People already know these pieces but very first thing right out the gate is changing people, places and things and what hasn't quite changed is the people part. Notice how
Gwenevere Abriel: Ashley's
Gwenevere Abriel: Uncle
Gwenevere Abriel: Still has your cell number
Gwenevere Abriel: Now believe it or not, what many people elect to do and they only know this because they hear me talking. And they're like, Yeah, yeah, whatever. I got enough willpower is how you typically describe it. I don't think it's willpower, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Typically that's how people describe it on that and I'll just say no, that's fine. It's fine. I don't want to upset anybody either want to remove anybody's number
Gwenevere Abriel: But this is when people really finally get to the point that they need to protect their recovery. I'm going to give you an example of some things that people do.
Gwenevere Abriel: What they do is they call said on called and they say, I'm taking my recovery. Seriously, I don't want the temptation. I went for it the other day and I feel remorse and guilt.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you delete my number just just maybe for the next six months or so maybe we'll touch base will kind of go through go through Ashley, you know, let's take my number out of there. I don't want to be texted and and and please don't offer it to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now do you see the difference between leaving the door open, where he keeps texting and
Gwenevere Abriel: That leaves the door open and look what happened. He ran the statistics. If I just end it best, the way everybody is. He just, he's doing a blast. He's, he's texting all his customers or whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there you go. You went for it. You just, it's just a numbers game, which is kind of like tell you, you know, feeling like what you said I was excited about something and he went for it.
Gabriel L.: Yeah. The last time it happened, it happened that same way that but I deleted that guy's number
Gabriel L.: He would just every time you say, I got this. Just letting you know I got this.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just notice how this one is a little bit more difficult because it's family.
Gabriel L.: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: But your recovery is at the center of everything.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's going to be no I want to, you have a goal. I want to be a better husband, there's no i want to be this father that you're you're proud of all of that stuff. I want to maybe go back to nursing school
Gwenevere Abriel: Or I want to maybe I want to relocate, or I want to buy this or do this your recovery is central.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and I know all the talking. And you, you'll probably be like a. Yeah, but you won't know it until you really get. And for some people, their, their life starts to kind of fall apart a little bit before they really get what I'm saying is
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of think about it like spirituality. Think about how central it is it sort of represents the body, the mind, the spirit. It's like if I'm not taking care of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And other things start to compensate
Gwenevere Abriel: So for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Another piece. So I just talked about an example of people there might be more people like that where you're actually assertive not passive, which means you ignore a text from uncle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Assertive is you actually call you say can you remove my number I'm working a recovery program. It's just too hard on me. These days, sorry about that man and you did you say cool you say it nice. I'm sure he'd be respectful and
Gwenevere Abriel: Because he's family right. Why would. Why would he be nasty.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then that's EVIDENCE THAT YOU'RE TAKING YOURSELF SERIOUSLY. The same way you put that interlock on the car. You did that for a reason.
Gabriel L.: But you didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't remove his number and you didn't call him and say, please stop putting temptation front of me.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just too hard on me. I'm in early recovery. Right now it's just, it's too much. I need to remove that temptation.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the places.
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't want to go down the same road if there was someone we used always score on a particular corner, you know, it may seem inconvenient. But believe it or not, for a while. We don't want to go down that same
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't want to be in that same location. We don't want to be in a bar, we don't want to go to the same all steps that we pick up the beer. Now these are real fundamental things that
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe I discussed already. Maybe I didn't. Maybe they're going in one ear and out the other. But they do make a big difference. And you'll feel it in real time you'll feel I'm guessing. Yeah, I'm taking myself. Seriously, I actually spoke to these people. And I said, Listen.
Gwenevere Abriel: I need, I need to take this seriously and this is how just don't don't offer them to me anymore. And you can even say to your uncle. It's killing me to tell you this because a part of me the attic right in me is like, shit, I'm going to cut myself off.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the part that does it, the authentic self. You
Gwenevere Abriel: That one, you get to be really proud instead of remorse and guilt. You get to say I'm taking myself. Seriously, this is serious.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because right now, you have what's called a reservation. You know how you let's say there's a big fancy restaurant or you're going to go to a seminar and you book it three months in advance.
Gabriel L.: Mm.
Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Relapse relapse is like that too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes it's a year in advance, two years.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's why that word exists in this field, it's slow. Ah, yeah. A few beers, you started with. And I know because that's how all you guys talk. We had a couple. And then when I press a little harder. No is
Gwenevere Abriel: 16 ounces. It was, and then a shot and then and then oh, I also had a slip, you see that is addictive thinking that's the addict inside rationalizing and justifying and saying it's not that big a deal. But, you know, you just told me it's a slippery slope. If there's no one to stop me.
Gwenevere Abriel: If there's no constraint, I would have kept going.
Gwenevere Abriel: If my uncle had had more
Gwenevere Abriel: Be real. I think that there are things going on in your life.
Gwenevere Abriel: That are unsettled. I'm guessing that are upsetting you, that are distressing that are getting unaddressed. And that might be why that seems so tempting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know what those things are.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why why why we
Gwenevere Abriel: Why we
Gwenevere Abriel: Why we sleeping in the car, the other day.
Gabriel L.: Oh, cuz I got an argument, and I don't want to continue arguments.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just separated right going to argue. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the content, not too big a deal just same old maybe her controlling behavior, possibly or
Gabriel L.: But now when she says I remember we talked about how she said she changed the lease and we talked about how it's a
Gabriel L.: legal document if you can do that. So now whenever she does that, in my face. I thought I look, it's a legal document, you can change because he tried to tell me out because before that would work. She would say, oh, but truthfully.
Gabriel L.: Believe it and
Gabriel L.: Now I tell her that she just doesn't say anything.
Gabriel L.: She's a great woman show by so do whatever
Gwenevere Abriel: But notice, Gabriel higher saying everything's fine about 20 seconds ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't really fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you had a relapse.
Gwenevere Abriel: But not that part. I get that part I'm concerned more about the peace.
Gwenevere Abriel: Lead to it. Is there a forgetting to use mindfulness practices is there. Are you exercising. Are you thinking positive thoughts are you being a spiritual being, what are you doing, or are you just coping.
Gwenevere Abriel: With what you just said I i
Gwenevere Abriel: She lies and deserted. And I if we don't address these if you don't address what's going on in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: The potential high risk for another slip is there.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what cert psychotherapy does is we try to see what's really going on underneath that using is the solution.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just think for a second. Let's will pull away from from from the negative piece, but just just for a moment what would be wrong with you going fishing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just as you
Gwenevere Abriel: Just you without any substance.
Gabriel L.: Nothing.
Gabriel L.: Just
Gabriel L.: kept bugging me and keeps telling me, and then in the back of my mind because I mean granted I've thought about it, but I haven't really acted on my thoughts just cuz I know I shouldn't. But, you know,
Gabriel L.: Like we talked about before, you know those feelings. I was going to be there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Actually, they will be a lot less and there'll be a lot less intense
Gwenevere Abriel: What
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just so confused.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you standing up for yourself, are you protecting your recovery with your uncle.
Gabriel L.: I don't even seem that much.
Gabriel L.: I don't see him at all. I haven't seen him in like a year until yesterday.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think of that question I just asked
Gabriel L.: I don't know, I can't make sense of it did not really that important to me.
Gabriel L.: Of course,
Gabriel L.: I mean, I don't think
Gabriel L.: I don't think he has anything to do with them. I think it was just a circumstance that I did finally gave in to that.
Gabriel L.: To that little voice in my head, but you know
Gabriel L.: They're
Gabriel L.: Passing his house yesterday, just owns the place and this one for
Gabriel L.: There wasn't really anything leading up
Gabriel L.: One morning I was like, Fuck it, I'm just gonna go
Gabriel L.: My way.
Gwenevere Abriel: If that were the case, if everyone had that which is the common one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you're helpless. Then there's nothing to do
Gabriel L.: Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the rest of your life, you're just sort of the victim of this helpless to circumstance.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it okay that I don't see you. That way I don't see it quite the same.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't see you as helpless.
Gwenevere Abriel: I see was very frustrated
Gwenevere Abriel: With dynamics, both with
Gwenevere Abriel: Choices right that you've made, and this relationship that you're in is a challenge for you and I think you're kind of compartmentalizing it. You don't want to talk about it. Don't want to address it, you've already made up your mind you're going to stay
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're going to deal, but there is a consequence Gabriel, it hurts. It hurts.
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to pretend like it doesn't. But this is how it shows up.
Gwenevere Abriel: We want to just feel good for once.
Gwenevere Abriel: One of the reasons why changing people
Gwenevere Abriel: Helps in other words not having uncle. I have access to you. Let's play this through if uncle hadn't sent that message. We don't know that 20 seconds.
Gwenevere Abriel: 10 minutes might have passed and you might have had a different thought you might have had a thought, you know what I want to see if I can enjoy fishing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm going to go
Gwenevere Abriel: But the fact that there was a text there was opportunity.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you are already in the thought I could use a. Wouldn't it be nice, or something like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And as far as I think you may already be drinking. So you've already sort of said, I'm using anyway. And so that rationale that addictive rationale as well. Fuck it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Says complicated stuff. Want to remove as many variables as you can.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the worst thing that could happen if you did decide to tell this uncle. Hey, listen, I'm working a recovery. Could you not text me anymore. And if I do ask you, could you say no to me just, just in here just to play with it. Just see
Gabriel L.: I mean, nothing would happen wouldn't be a problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why do you think it hasn't already happened.
Gabriel L.: In the past,
Gwenevere Abriel: And why do you think you haven't already told them.
Gabriel L.: I have I told them. But now, now he messages me through email.
Gabriel L.: Why don't tell them I'm in recovery. I did some Hey man, I've been done in a long time. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think the differences
Gabriel L.: Well, I guess one is more powerful statement.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: This one close the door a little tighter.
Gabriel L.: When locks it
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it doesn't lock it because he could still disrespect your request.
Gabriel L.: Now he's an older guy I got I got literally just waiting for him to die. I'm gonna die. Not too long ago. But guess
Gabriel L.: What he died.
Gwenevere Abriel: It will be there'll be another what you're calling is circumstance right you're giving in to serve there'll be another one.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can't wait for the outside to make it convenient for us to stop using we have to be intentional about it. And that's what that conversation is is it that hey, well, let's look at it again. Why do you think you haven't told him, Hey, I'm in a recovery program or I'm working my recovery.
Gabriel L.: Secrets.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's certainly your choice. But there is a price.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this is one of them, because they don't know the door is locked
Gwenevere Abriel: They don't know the conviction, you have, and he's gonna die anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: You put it
Gabriel L.: doesn't have much time left like
Gabriel L.: He got a hip replacement of any kind of get a separate place because he's on dialysis and no one wanted to operate on it because it's so fragile is on an electric wheelchair now and it's a man
Gwenevere Abriel: How would you feel about sharing this in in group would you want to do that. Well, you can hear.
Gabriel L.: Other
Gabriel L.: I just get so emotional not on the other side of me and when it's cooler here because just, you know, just you and I are here like coming to the car, because I feel like
Gabriel L.: No one ease dropping on me.
Gabriel L.: And I can be a little more honest.
Gabriel L.: You know, maybe up there. I wouldn't have said that I
Gabriel L.: Know,
Gabriel L.: I'm
Gabriel L.: Safe ago
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, good, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: I wish I could transport you to a sense of feeling safe, no matter where you are and that you you are in this program, but it's not enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: To just show up right to an appointment. We've got to actually do the work and the work is changing people, places and things and it's fundamental, we've got to tell people I gotta protect this this is important to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm important.
Gabriel L.: Know that the barbershop and
Gabriel L.: Well, this is obviously months ago. The barber shops and close
Yeah.
Gabriel L.: Definitely need a you get to on but the
Gabriel L.: The guy that I used to get from because I I used to sell some of the people there and the guy that I used to get from
Gabriel L.: I gave one of the guys there is a number. And he's been trying to stay off of them up for not doing not using
Gabriel L.: Any of the got the barber told me that he thinks the other guys things that he's getting from me that I'm selling so so he doesn't even know that I'm in recovery just examine call them.
Gabriel L.: I just thought it'd be nice to run into them and say, Look, man, I just haven't been using. That's why I haven't called
The
Gwenevere Abriel: Not really.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it's like you said, you want a secret. You do. I think
Gabriel L.: I think I need to explain it a little different.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's really simple. If you're not hiding. You say, I'm in recovery. There's no dancing, but you are
Gabriel L.: I mean, I just deleted his number
Gabriel L.: And I don't think you understand what I'm trying to say.
No.
Gabriel L.: Yeah, it doesn't make any. It has nothing to do with what we're talking about it just
Gabriel L.: Just a thought that I had that um you know the guy that I used to get from that I completely deleted his number and cut them out of my life. Thanks, that another guy that's getting from him.
Gabriel L.: If getting from me. So he doesn't know that I'm finished that I haven't used them he just thinks that I'm not kidding from him.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it okay that
Gwenevere Abriel: This may happen again that this very similar thing may happen again. If you don't make any change because this is typically what this is is all you'll hear me say, oh, this is a great opportunity to see what didn't work so that we can put in place corrective action.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know that you really want this sobriety as much as I want it for you.
Gabriel L.: Well, I can tell you with certainty that I've been sober for a long time.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gabriel L.: I mean, if I didn't want it. I wouldn't be using them.
Gabriel L.: My health is better my bank account, my savings. Everything is improved by doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you're asking me, I have no idea what I'm
Gabriel L.: Saying that you that you know
That
Gabriel L.: You are. You think you know that I don't want this.
Gabriel L.: This
Gwenevere Abriel: will shift gears.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know who you don't sound the same.
Gwenevere Abriel: You sound yeah the the kind of justification. It sounds familiar. It sounds like
Gabriel L.: This is what, what am I justify
Gwenevere Abriel: Your, your, your use.
Gabriel L.: You what my real life.
Gabriel L.: Well, I mean, I'm explaining to you that I feel guilt remorse. I feel like I do a lot of sobriety today. It's not just a fun and acceptance. That's what I would call it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And are you willing to do things differently. So it doesn't happen again.
Gabriel L.: I've done things differently.
Gabriel L.: Like, well, you asked me to do is to call him and tell him to stop calling me
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just an idea. Yeah.
Gabriel L.: I can do that. Yeah, I could do that. I plan on doing it. I haven't said yes to. It doesn't mean
Gabriel L.: I can just text him and tell him know.
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you feeling right now. What's the emotion. I'm
Gabriel L.: Feeling a little irritated because I hear you. And it's like you're saying
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want me here. Say it plain and simple. So I can't
Gabriel L.: I said at the beginning, I was, you know, I feel
Gabriel L.: That bothers word I used to describe man he laughs I feel that I feel guilty you in just asking me to delete this guy's number
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Gabriel L.: Know you're asking. You're asking me to call him and tell him.
Gabriel L.: That I'm going to recovery program and
Gabriel L.: I'm embarrassed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, yes. That's the one. And you just you just got real honest there for a second and and I get that. I really do. I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: That wasn't an easy thing to get through. I'm proud of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And honestly, Gabriel
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know what the right move is for you you you call someone tell someone texts and when I can't leave your life. I actually don't know what the
Gwenevere Abriel: Road. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I want to protect you. I want you to protect you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's just an idea. I'm just giving a philosophy that has worked for many, many, many people
Gwenevere Abriel: This is not an easy road, having to actually face the difficult feelings that you're facing on a day to day
Gwenevere Abriel: This is hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the upside.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any alcohol today. Any, any
Gwenevere Abriel: There's the upside. So back on track right you've had a couple days back on track back on track. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then that's it. That was a slip back on track.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's it. That's why I prefer to call those slips versus a relapse would be days and days and days and days. In fact, kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Pushing me making you know pushing program away. I'll have time for you. This is noisier to push, push, push, push, push, and then you dropped out of the program.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because that's a pretty predictable pattern, then I'm so irritating because what I do right program pulls out the truth, it pulls out all his honesty.
Gwenevere Abriel: That most people feel very embarrassing uncomfortable about and they don't want to hear it. Well, the addict part doesn't want to hear it. Right. It's like it's pissing me off, but
Gwenevere Abriel: The honest man, the one that's meeting this this raw truth. The one that just said right well shit this. I'm just, I'm embarrassed for crying out loud. This is embarrassing. You know that's that's you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know that I have real tenderness for just
Gwenevere Abriel: I get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And at the very same time what the nifty convenient thing about guilt is it gets us back in line. That's all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Shane won't change is going to knock out and it's going to say, you might as well just continue doing what you're doing you already screwed up shame and mess with you so guilt gets you back in line. It just says, all right, all right, all right, ready. Get it together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I went off track. I'm back on track. That's it still a good man good person just missed up
Gwenevere Abriel: And she saw on the front end of today was
Gwenevere Abriel: Trying to see what steps. And if you decide to take those steps, you don't. I'm definitely not saying go do this. I'm a little bit more passive than that. I was just giving you an example of what changing people in places.
Gwenevere Abriel: might look like in your world, but I can't tell you what to do that. That's your life, you're going to do what you're going to do. I don't know what's best for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have ideas that's up to you. Hey, by no means am I saying, Go call or text your own that's not my right. Do you know what I'm trying to say there's a difference. It's
Gabriel L.: It's a mood.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's, that's definitely your, your choice to do that, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you spoke with Ashley. Did she present with some compassion. Did you feel supported you feel like okay she gets it. I'm back on track. Are you feeling supported through this
Gabriel L.: A little bit.
Gabriel L.: Green screen scream in your budget, as far as being ruined.
Gabriel L.: I don't really like it.
Gabriel L.: And the next day she says
Gabriel L.: Okay, we're gonna go score killing his words for
Gabriel L.: Me, My uncle.
Gabriel L.: You say you're going to give him money, you have to give me money to like as a determined. She said, I have to give her $100 if I cope. So I just gave it $100 a month and then he wasn't there. And I was like game $100 back and it's like, no.
Gabriel L.: It's kind of funny.
Gwenevere Abriel: Actually
Gabriel L.: Yeah, exactly.
Gabriel L.: Yeah.
Gabriel L.: But it's funny because her brother using another
Gabriel L.: Wife gets upset.
Gabriel L.: Same tried eccentric and so he's
Gabriel L.: He's wanting to use and you know yesterday wanted to. And he asked me and I've been telling him. No, but she doesn't tell him anything she doesn't need something. Well, maybe she cares about me more than I don't know.
Gabriel L.: But I like I feel good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's it's hard for me, right, because I don't want all that temptation around you if you had house, I'd be saying let's flush them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's walk over to the toilet and flush him I've done that with clients, you know, they
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe they had been stockpiling stuff and we walk over and it's scary. It's difficult, but I'm there with and we go do it and the commitment that that feels like the conviction of doing that. It can be a pretty powerful thing just to kind of flush it down the toilet.
Gwenevere Abriel: So again, strong invitation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Protecting you that you are worth it. That what that says to your commitment. If you tell the people listen, I don't want to be around people that are using uncles brothers.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are recoveries that important, and only in time, will you kind of figure out whether I'm full of it or not. You know what I mean like only you'll, you'll go through it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because that temptation is going to be there and then you'll have a thought those two things will happen at the same time. And then, whoops, I won't be works because we could have eliminated one of those
Gabriel L.: Yeah, no, it's funny because
Gabriel L.: I think I really do need to tell him because you're right. If I, if he hadn't
Gabriel L.: I blocked it number I'm if I blocked it stopped answering him to text and then he starts. He like he's been given to me to get through to me via email. Now, so now he emailed me a song so like a cell phone number to the beginning, like I have to stay out of town.
Gabriel L.: Because you know maybe right if I hadn't if you hadn't sent me that text message. And then before it just kept driving
Gabriel L.: To go fishing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, it's very similar, in a sense, to what you'll hear some. I don't know if you've heard us in group talk about some people are
Gwenevere Abriel: Working on quitting smoking and we'll use this like sick this 92nd
Gwenevere Abriel: Thing where we'll say, Okay, you can do anything for 90 seconds, right. So, just tell your you're just about to reach for a cigarette and you say okay, give yourself 90 seconds, not going to do it. I'm gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: Go make the bed. I'm going to go wash the dishes. I'm going to go scramble some eggs, whatever, right, to get through those 90 seconds. So what ends up happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is more time has passed, and just 90 seconds to get a whole half hour that passive didn't smoke that cigarette. That's cool. But watch if that cigarette was already on the counter with a lighter
Gwenevere Abriel: That's circumstance is already there. How likely are you to say, fuck it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if it was in the trunk of your car if you left them at work is what I know you're I'm just giving examples about
Putting
Gwenevere Abriel: Your neighbor you hold them.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, when we, when we put time in between our initial impulse. It gives us time to remember why we don't want to smoke. We get to remember this last weekend all the guilt or remorse stuck on it. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: If we can give ourselves those 90 seconds or more. So you see now if that text wasn't there. If access wasn't so proximal so close. Now we have
Gwenevere Abriel: Time to remember why we're bothering to do it to begin with. I'll go, I'll go look at my my recovery journal and I got this list of things that I can do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even if it's real quick. I'm just going to go for a walk. You just don't even think about it. Splash cold water on your face. Sometimes we literally just have to get through those 90 seconds. And we've made it through the difficult period that that initial craving because here's the thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is, this is an interesting piece that not everybody really really gets
Gwenevere Abriel: The brain is it sets up a spray of reinforcement, which is a dope. I mean, that's what makes you want to eat sex.
Gwenevere Abriel: What other things pretty sunset.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we get a spray of the opening the body reinforces survival needs. It's going to make sure that you like to eat because you can't survive without it. So what it does is it gives you a spray, but not only does it do that. This is the cool part.
Gwenevere Abriel: Once you have it in your head.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to use
Gwenevere Abriel: It wants you to finish that
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's, it's like, yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So then guess what your mind is set it and then you. Don't second guess it and you've already headed to that destination, you're already going to do it so
Gwenevere Abriel: The quicker that you can, as soon as the thought comes go whole depresses unacceptable thought I can't entertain it
Gwenevere Abriel: My brain chemistry is going to be reinforcing that I finish that thought that I get to that feel good feeling it's going to want me to get all the way to the end of that and it's already starting to spray this reinforcement hormone, which is the dope mean
Gwenevere Abriel: It's like your brain like is like not on your side.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not other side of recovery, sometimes, but the less time we do it, the less that's going to happen. So if we can turn it towards okay this is just my brain. This is not a fact. I don't actually have to use right now. Okay. What can I do have a glass of water.
Gwenevere Abriel: Make a pot of tea, make some pancakes for everybody, every have breakfast, you're going to need to have things. That's why their relapse prevention plan, you got to have a list of things for distraction. Do some deep breathing do some mindfulness practices.
Gwenevere Abriel: But my point has to do with time. We need time because watch if my brain is already reinforcing it with dope and you finish that. Yeah. It's gonna be great. Go, go, go, go, go. Don't I need time to interrupt that
Gwenevere Abriel: And if that if that is that pill is right here available. There's not enough time for me to think it through. There's not enough time for me to remember why am I bothering to not drink and use
Gwenevere Abriel: I need it.
Gabriel L.: It's funny you say that because once had committed
Gabriel L.: Like it like it was done.
Gabriel L.: I got, I just committed and I was like I said, I'm gonna go
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I know that you are. That's how everybody works rare that once you've already said.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, this is going to create a new all and you feel you're already feeling how good it's going to feel that's that's exactly what's happening because it's the steps along the way. Let me explain. One more piece and this might do the trick.
Gwenevere Abriel: When we were hunter gatherers right you man. Hunter, you know, a woman gather or whatever, wherever the berries worse. So what the brain did is it wanted you and me to remember how we got there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Watch this.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's hitting this reinforcement of there's this tree that looks like a phone, there's this huge boulder and it's spraying me with
Gwenevere Abriel: With a with a dope me to help me remember how I got there.
Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So you guys look what it's doing a when I see that tree when I see that boulder. I'm going to be thinking about getting high.
Gwenevere Abriel: And not only that,
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's reinforcing the steps. So watch that thought. I'm already going to use you've already made up your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have so much against you to be able to interrupt that because your brain is reinforcing that you get to that euphoric effect. Now here's the truth. On top of all of this is naturally the opiate
Gwenevere Abriel: opiate receptors, the opiate the natural occurring opiate that happens in your own body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this right, pretty sunset.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cheesecake whatever is this, this is right. What you did when you loaded it with all of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was this
Gwenevere Abriel: It's inhuman. But that's not how we don't create that that much natural occurring.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you mess with the with the with the needle on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But over time, if you keep putting months, months, months, months, years, distance, the frequency of you thinking in those thoughts that you currently are will go down.
Gabriel L.: There, it's funny that you know right the next morning when I woke up right there again.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know that something
Gabriel L.: And now, like I told Ashley, like, thank God. He didn't have any with them.
Gabriel L.: I know. Like, imagine what it's like to leave like and I told myself, this would be the only time
Gabriel L.: That Friday and it wasn't. And then I think about it and they're so expensive.
Gabriel L.: Movie. Okay. Maggie said I happen to have to accept it.
Gabriel L.: It's not like I wish I hadn't done this, you say I did do this I accepted for. I think that was last week.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gabriel L.: Yeah yeah yeah my works, and I do these things and they do help me, you know, the breathing. We talked about. I was thinking about my, my little mushroom house with a dirt floor.
Gabriel L.: And it's funny, you brought it up this morning, I was thinking about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know when we have those thoughts you go there into that imagery, you get the sense of
Gwenevere Abriel: I have everything I need. I have my adult self I'm needing an unmet need, I'm meeting it now. I'm not an eight year old i'm not i can get what I need. If I need reassurance. I'll go talk to someone, if I need a hug. I can, I can get a hook.
Gwenevere Abriel: I need to go for a walk.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can do this. It's just that we think in our, in our unconscious mind that we're little again. But we're not if you go into that that safe space do that breath work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get back to feeling okay just the way you are that urgency of needing to have that euphoria, whether it's alcohol or a pill. I think it'll go down, it's probably got to actually use these new skills, we've got to do them.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I
Just
Gwenevere Abriel: Didn't review all my goals with you. Um, I want to let me know I want to be a better husband.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you give me one statement.
Gwenevere Abriel: About
Gwenevere Abriel: How you see yourself with your goal of I want to be a better husband, what's something a quick statement on that and I'll write it down.
Gabriel L.: Um, I feel
Gabriel L.: That I have been
Gabriel L.: I mean, maybe not as well as
Gabriel L.: Relapse that I had
Gabriel L.: But, you know, because that it's like it made me feel like like an idiot. And that myself, but I feel like I've been a been a better. I'm definitely a better husband now than I was before.
Gabriel L.: When I gave this amen
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: It for now let's schedule another time to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: weeks from now, like in the morning.
Gabriel L.: We can do next week. If you want to go next week also
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes I can, I can actually do seven it'll feel just like this may 28 at seven.
Gabriel L.: Just the Thursday. Good.
Gabriel L.: Yeah, okay.
Gabriel L.: Excellent. That'll work perfectly for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because then I can, I can kind of do that other piece that we had started. Um, and it's a good, it's good. Since he also had this slip kind of beef up the service. Just a little bit.
Gabriel L.: Yeah, I don't feel like it's beneficial because I haven't really like feeling real down on myself. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm really you I'm proud of you for sharing. And there was a little moment there who just about to turn into something like her.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you pressure. I'm really but I'm proud of you really am because you could have just made it about when and Gwen's a bitch. And she's on my ass and you could have made it about that. Right. You could have
Gwenevere Abriel: But she didn't. And that was, it was really impressive. A lot of people don't do that they'll, they'll just make it about like I'm getting in their business, you know, and
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm impressed.
Gabriel L.: What I like about our meetings, you know, keep digging and digging and digging and I'm just like, placing it
Gabriel L.: I know I said it before, but you know I every time I have these meetings with you. I'm like, here we go again.
Gabriel L.: But whenever I leave, I feel so much better.
Gwenevere Abriel: The part of you that's honest and true to you that ends up feeling the relief. It's the addict part that finds me a bitch right
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, I know, but I see it. I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Things. I'm like, I'm, I'm right. I'm a nightmare. Because I, I kind of asked so much honesty and the attics, like, no, we have to lie to her, don't tell the truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I look forward to seeing you soon. Then, and even in group.
Gabriel L.: Yeah, I'll see you then.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll see you then.
Gabriel L.: Have a good day.